and so hi to all his friends this is the
lot common hold me for me
it's great and today we are
found for unpacking the gopro
hero this is the new camera input of
brand range so we're all going from
continued started talking about packaging
which is well done but who is when
not even so successful is beautiful
than that of his big sisters so
then we have a leaflet first
first steps with go pro then by the
following we have three stickers from
mark your progress here we see
everywhere and then a notice
tutorial two fixing accessories
sticking a flat rounded a box
back unsealed a usb cable and for
finish the gopro herself which is
integrated directly into its housing the
gopro offers three video modes
the first to shoot in 1080p
at 30 or 25 fps the second we
make up 720p view at 60 or 50 fps and the
third allows us to have the shave
on previous view so insulting me
ie from 720p to 62 50 fps more
she uses the h 264 formats and creates
files in point mp4 the number of
advanced modes on this camera are only
not huge but still present more
that we have the super master spot
view as well as quick capture level
photo she is not bad but she
is not excellent either
that she will not give us the quality
of a DSLR or smartphone top of
range but here's what allow us to
take pictures to his own
quickly since it has 5
megapixels and that burst capture can
reach 5 frames per second this
who is really not bad me died at
bottom that its 3.7
it can also be used to
to accelerate the rapid movement
since it has a catch mode
pictures at intervals of 0 5 seconds
optical side it incorporates a lens
in glass with a focal of 2008 which him
allows to have a good quality in the
night also from a wide angle that can
so capture
a large field of vision around mud
battery level it integrates a
mile 180 million lithium battery
eur pair running under premieres of
New York
to finish to save all your
movies and photos you will have to bring yourself
a class 10 microsd card or the
hsv 1 is of maximum 32 gigas of
storage so the 64 is useless that you
will not come back on it as a conclusion I
think level level price quality it
there is no better for now with the
remaining camera qualities to the water
very easy to use with good
autonomy nor quality worthy a guèye of
videos worthy of courses and go home
irreproachable finish make it is
very good despite the lack of adjustment
the lack of wifi screen as well as the fact
that it is not removable from its hull
but hey we have nothing without anything you
say and if we want more we pay on
only friend I hope this video has you
more if it is the case do not hesitate to
to share as much as possible and I
see you soon for new ones
videos
this ethologist worse